Okay. So now once we have the contract abstract and the deployed address,
we can easily execute the contract functions on the Ethereum network.
Also, everything almost in blockchain is not instantaneous.
That means it is asynchronous.
So, we will use the async of each syntax that you see here,
and I'll explain that in just a second.
Now, let's look at the first test that we are writing here.
If you look at this it block on the screen,
and if you see this it function just like the way contract function was,
it accepts two different arguments,
and the first one is just a description of the test and the second is a function.
So, if you see this is a function,
and all we're doing is that we're putting the async keyword in front of the function.
This allows us to use await syntax,
the keyword await in front of the asynchronous functions calls.
Also, we're using the fact arrow notation and then we
have the function definition right there, so that's the function.
Fact arrow notation, you can always use the function key.
Would it be comfortable using that,
but again, when use a fact arrow,
you don't have to use that, and then inside that,
we have our function definition.
Now, also wanted a Latino in Solidity,
there are two damp function calls.
The first one is when a function does not change the state of the network.
It only read some information and we call
these basic function calls which is this example,
and the second one are transaction costs.
Let's talk about function calls first.
Now, function calls can be used to execute code on the network,
though no data will be permanently changed.
Calls are free to run,
and the defining characteristic is that they only read the data.
So, if you see in this function,
we're just reading the data,
the name of the star. That's it.
So, when you execute a contract function via a call,
you will resolve a receive a return value immediately back.
So, once that return value gets back,
you're actually just comparing it if this return value is equal to this value,
and then of course, assert.equal.
See if that value is equal to this and the outputs should be true or false either way.
Of course, it should be true because that's what
we gave it in the initial constructor function.
To summarize, when you do function calls, they are free.
They do not cause cast.
Do not change the state of the network.
They are processed immediately and they will also expose the return value.
Of course, I'll explain about the transaction calls in my next test.
So now, this is the test that we have,
that we are seeing, like I said, the starName.
Remember, we set it to the awesome Udacity star in a constructor function.
So, what we do is that we just get this value back,
and then be we call the starName function,
and if you see there's an interesting thing here,
we're using.calls. So, we're doing instance.
the name of the function.call.
Now, we have to execute the.call function explicitly to let
the Ethereum network know that we are not intending to persist any changes.
We can skip the.call truffle,
will still going to work fine,
as long as the functions of the contract are pure,
and we're not trying to change anything.
But, it is advisable to use.call since it really makes the code easier to understand,
and also what I am using the call function
versus where I'm not using a call function, or a transaction.
So, I'm going to really stick to using the.call all throughout my examples,
and I would encourage you to do the same.
The reason, of course, I wanted to mention this because you might see
code examples outside where the.call right here is not added,
so I do not want you to get confused,
but it is a nice practice to use it,
and also again, like I said,
we do get a transaction ID back on success.
So,.equal like I said, that's what we're doing.
So, now let's go run this test, and for running the test,
you want to make sure that you have the Truffle develop console open,
and let's go and open a terminal now.
So, we are here in a Truffle developed consoles.
We're already in the console right now.
Of course, we can compile the contract.
Well, so let's go compile it.
I know we already did that before and once you're done,
then you're just going to hit this, see the word test,
that's it, and that's going to run the tests that are available.
So, if you see, it says one test passing.
So, all that means is that if you go back here,
this function is passing.
So, that's the first test. So, let's go write another test in our next video.